Text: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”
Author: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”
Tags: change, deep-thoughts, thinking, world

Text: “It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”
Author: “It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”
Tags: abilities, choices

Text: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
Author: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
Tags: inspirational, life, live, miracle, miracles

Text: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
Author: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
Tags: aliteracy, books, classic, humor

Text: “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
Author: “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
Tags: be-yourself, inspirational

Text: “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”
Author: “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”
Tags: adulthood, success, value

Text: “It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
Author: “It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
Tags: life, love

Text: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”
Author: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”
Tags: edison, failure, inspirational, paraphrased

Text: “A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”
Author: “A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”
Tags: misattributed-eleanor-roosevelt

Text: “A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”
Author: “A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”
Tags: humor, obvious, simile

